README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# My Portfolio Project

> This project will display all further projects in a professional and organized manner, being itself part of the portfolio. 

## Built With

- CSS & HTML
- Github
- Linters

## Getting Started

In this project we created a repository with Linters, and added an HTML and CSS file for the portfolio we will be using from now on to host all of the projects we will be making on Microverse.

## Authors

👤 **Alex Puente**

- GitHub: [@alexpuente0](https://github.com/alexpuente0)
- Twitter: [@zero_rock](https://twitter.com/zero_rock)
- LinkedIn: [Alejandro Puente](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alejandro-puente-farías-154a7629/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/alexpuente0/My-Portfolio/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

Special thanks to: 
- Code Reviewers
- My Week 1 Learning Partners
- Microverse Staff and Micronauts

## 📝 License

This project was inspired and aproved by [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org).

Commit message:

Add Live site to Readme File

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# My Portfolio Project

> This project will display all further projects in a professional and organized manner, being itself part of the portfolio. 

## Built With

- CSS & HTML
- Github
- Linters

## Getting Started

In this project we created a repository with Linters, and added an HTML and CSS file for the portfolio we will be using from now on to host all of the projects we will be making on Microverse.

## Deployment

You can review the live site [here] (https://alexpuente0.github.io/My-Portfolio/)
## Authors

👤 **Alex Puente**

- GitHub: [@alexpuente0](https://github.com/alexpuente0)
- Twitter: [@zero_rock](https://twitter.com/zero_rock)
- LinkedIn: [Alejandro Puente](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alejandro-puente-farías-154a7629/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/alexpuente0/My-Portfolio/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

Special thanks to: 
- Code Reviewers
- My Week 1 Learning Partners
- Microverse Staff and Micronauts

## 📝 License

This project was inspired and aproved by [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org).
